All right.
So let's do some identification of functions that are adding subtracting or both.
So let's get started with this function is 3 x squared plus for X adding subtracting or both.
I'll let you pause a video and get the answer.
All right.
So there should have been a really easy on everything here is positive and there's a plus sign between
them.
So these functions three x squared and 4 x are both adding.
All right let's check out another example.
So if f of x equals 5 x to the eleventh minus x.
Are these two functions adding subtracting or both lead should pause and get the answer
All right.
So pretty easy.
There's a negative in between.
So we know that these are actually subtracting
right.
Let's go to the next.
All right so here we have a longer function and it's X to the fourth minus 3 x to the third plus to
X minus 5.
So are these adding or subtracting or both.
I'll let you pause and get the answer.
All right.
I think this was a pretty obvious one as well.
So for example between these two you have a negative so you are subtracting between three x cubed and
2 x you have a positive.
So you're adding these two and then to X minus 5 you're subtracting five from 2 x.
So it's a combination of both adding and subtracting
and to beyond is this combination of both adding and subtracting is a more realistic example of what
you will find in your class.
So a lot of times you'll find that if you get a function f of x it will be composed of functions that
are both adding and subtracting.
All right.
Let's do some problems with the sum and difference rule.